Modify rule S3531: Adapt to LaYC (#2402)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3531/javascript/rule.adoc

Generators are defined using a function syntax with an asterisk ``++(*)++`` appended to the ``++function++`` keyword (``++function*++``). Within the generator function, you can use the ``++yield++`` keyword to produce a value and temporarily pause the execution of the function, returning that value to the consumer.

[source,javascript]
----
function* generate() {
  yield 1;
  yield 2;
  yield 3;
}
----

This example defines a generator function named ``++generate++`` that produces a sequence of values: 1, 2, and 3.

Using a generator without the ``++yield++`` keyword can limit the usefulness and potential benefits of generators. When you use the ``++yield++`` keyword without providing a value, it creates a yield expression that pauses the execution of the generator function and returns ``++undefined++`` as the yielded value.

[source,javascript,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
function* range(start, end) {
  while (start < end) {
    yield; // Noncompliant: The generator yields undefined
    start++;
  }
}
----

> Yielding without a value makes it harder for the generator consumer to understand the purpose or context of the yielded value. Instead, provide a specific value with ``++yield++`` to make the generated sequence more meaningful and informative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yielding without a value makes it harder for the generator consumer to understand the purpose or context of the yielded value. Instead, one should always provide an explicit value with ``++yield++`` (using `undefined` when that is the intention) to make the generated sequence more meaningful and informative.
```

I would use explicit rather than specific.

Reviewer: you also use it in the rule title now, I think is  better wording

Author: Makes sense 👍
